Why would the government program American
citizens to murder other American citizens? Well,
that's the question. So, you have documented
project called MK Ultra and other kind of
variations of mind control, creating splits
and multiple personalities, couriers and spies,
manurian candidates, assassinate world leaders.
They used whoever they could get their hands on,
hypnotizing them, brain electrode implants,
electric shock, creating the super spy. This
stuff is shocking. The US Army released a list of
120ish different drugs that had been used for mind
control testing. 1,500 people times 120 different
drugs. It's a lot of people, right? It's a lot of
people. When you get into the documents, you find
out this guy is connected to this guy, this guy's
connected to that guy. It's this whole network.
Lee Harvey Oswald, who's the supposed lone gunman,
probably wasn't the lone gunman when it comes to
assassinating JFK. Jack Ruby killed Lee Harvey
Oswald, so he probably was an MK Ultra patient
before having shot Lee Harvey Oswald. He doesn't
remember shooting somebody. Sir Han, Sir Han,
to this day says that he has no recollection of
having shot RFK. What do you remember about the
shooting if you're willing to talk about that?
I I was obviously I was there but I don't
remember the exact moment. I don't remember
pulling my gun. Then you have a guy like McVey
who's an MK Ultra patient. Manson who's an MK
Ultra patient. These people are committing
horrific acts. You think that my mind is
like your mind but it isn't. This is really
creepy. I wonder if the same thing happened
with Epstein. The thing is it's not just some
crazy conspiracy theory. It's actually possible.
Can I give you my crazy Epstein MK Ultra theory?
Oh, you'll be in trouble if you don't. Okay.
Ignition sequence.
How is this possible? Nothing too unusual about
that. Their existence cannot longer be denied.
As you know, a lot of the guests I sit down with,
whether they're physicists, intelligence officers,
people who've worked inside black programs, are
operating at a really impressive level mentally.
Sometimes I feel like I'm a chimp talking to human
beings. Often their work takes a toll. And a lot
of them track their health obsessively. regular
lab work, obscure biomarkers, often things that
most people never look at. Meanwhile, last time
I went to a primary care doctor, they ran maybe
like eight biomarkers and they told me I was fine
and sent me home. This massive difference between
the ordinary, broken, and limited health care
system and what elite people are doing to track
their health got me interested in superpower.
The beautiful thing is they make elite level
healthcare accessible. They'll literally send a
licensed professional to your home or you visit
a nearby lab. One simple lab test and you get over
100 biomarkers, heart, liver, thyroid, hormones,
metabolism, vitamin levels, even environmental
toxins. After that, their app builds you a full
action plan. Supplement suggestions you can buy
directly through them. Nutritional guidance,
lifestyle adjustments. They even give you your
true biological age, and you can track that over
time. And it's not just a one-time snapshot. Each
test builds on the last, so you're actually seeing
progress instead of starting from zero every
year. Make this the year you stop guessing
about your health and you start getting serious
with Superpower. Not only did Superpower reduce
their price to just $199, but for a limited
time, our listeners get an additional $20 off
with code alchemy. Head to superpower.com and
use code alchemy at checkout for $20 off your
membership. After you sign up, they'll ask you
how you heard about them. So, please make sure
to mention American Alchemy to support the show.
I'm here with Dr. Colin Ross, who blew my mind
with a just a really kind of bombshell crazy book.
It's called uh CIA Doctors. I brought you a copy,
actually. Thank you. And uh Well, here's my copy.
And um here's your other copy. Yeah. Amazing.
Well, thanks. I I I'd love a second. Um and I'd
love to hand as many of these out as possible
to as many people as as you know I can because
as long as it's over a million, I'm good. Okay,
perfect. Yeah, just give me an affiliate fee. Um,
but I truly um this stuff is shocking. You have
documented the kind of medical malpractice of
a whole host of uh psychiatrists who are either
officially or unofficially associated often
with CIA and project called MK Ultra and a lot
of the derivatives and subcompartments
and other kind of variations of that
uh mind control largely. Um and it talks about
uh dissociating personalities, creating splits
in multiple personalities uh so that you can send
couriers and spies, create manurian candidates,
uh assassinate world leaders. It is mindblowing
and it's jarring to say the least. Well, and the
thing is so I'll give you background, personal
background a little bit. So I grew up in Canada.
Uh medical school, psychiatry training, worked
in Canada for a while and then moved here equals
Texas in '91 to a and my specialty is multiple
personality equals dissociative identity disorder.
And so, uh, I was in a program there at a hospital
up in Plano and two or three months in, one of the
patients who had multiple personalities comes up
with this little sheath of papers and all paranoid
and scared and hands them to me and I don't want
these to take these. And I look at them and I go,
"Hm, MKL first I've heard of that." That's how I
got into it by this woman handing me this pile of
papers. Otherwise, wasn't interested. Didn't
know about it. I w I thought the search for
the manurion candidate was some kind of movie
or something but I wasn't really sure it and
it is a movie. It's I think 1961 Frank Sinatra
and it discusses the creation of this assassin
essentially post Korean war that China you know
Manuria is this northeastern part of China. So
it's and it's based on a book from the 50s. There
you go. So fiction, Hollywood, entertaining,
end of story. So what I did was I read a couple
of books that existed. There was no published
like mainstream journal type papers. And then I
was down in uh Northern Virginia for a conference
in 92. And I corresponded with the CIA, which
was like pre- internet back in the era. And uh
they gave me an address to come to to read the MK
Ultra Papers. So I'm at the conference hotel. This
is just a crazy side story in itself. Uh walk out,
get in a taxi, and it turns out the taxi driver is
telling me his story of he was a police officer in
Afghanistan before he moved to the United States.
Wonder if this is a coincidence that this guy is
driving me. And then he goes, "Would you like to
go through the grounds of the Pentagon on the
way?" Whoa, sure. Okay. Um, and then he says,
"Well, what are you where are you going? What are
you doing?" "Oh, I'm just going to meet with some
people." Drops me off at this building that it's
very nondescript. You can't tell what it is. And I
walk in there and I mean, civilian guy has nothing
to do with the military. Uh, and there's a whole
bunch of military guys in uniform. One sign says
uh secure line DIA only. Another one is secure
line CIA only. I walk up to the desk. Hi, I'm here
to read some documents. And the guy gives me a
look like, oh, here's one of these guys here. Sign
in and the woman comes down uh after 10 minutes
maybe. Get in the little jammed elevator with a
bunch of guys in uniform and bunch of guys who
I don't know who they are. go up to fifth floor,
seventh floor, whatever it was. Get off, walk down
the corridor, and there's like a submarine door
with she has to key code in. Then another door,
and then we're in a small office and assign a
piece of paper. walk over here through another one
of those doors into a room where there there's a
cart with all the 149 MK Ultra projects there and
15,000 pages of documents. Had to read them all
u which took a while. Thank God you did all this
um because it's a really comprehensive book and
it it clearly touches kind of close to the metal
as far as what actually transpired and and and
what went on and uh if you really want to kind
of understand what these psychiatrists were doing,
how they were communicating with, you know, CIA,
this book is great. So just real quick for the
audience, you give a little context as to how
you got into this topic. What's your day job? Uh
psychiatrist. Okay. And you have no affiliation
with MK Ultra, I assume. Uhuh. Okay. Of course,
people go, "Oh, yeah, that's what he says." But
I'm just a civilian guy. Okay. Um, so I know lots
about all these documented facts. Yeah. And I have
this pile of documents, but I don't have any
insider knowledge about stuff currently at all.
Okay. Which is kind of disappointing in a way.
Yeah. Well, the the trail goes dark in 1975 with
the Church Commission where all this malfeasants,
you know, in the CIA, not just mind control stuff
was investigated and there was this kind of large
reform. Let's go back to the very beginning of
uh cowboy intelligence interventionism in
the human body. So, I want to talk about
uh you know uh we're talking China 3000 BC. No,
no. In at least in the American context. So,
um let's talk about the Tuskegee experiment
because that for people who are in their minds
they're like how could the government ever do
something like this? It's just seems so horrific
and beyond what they would ever do. I think this
is a really good jumping off point and that's why
there's a chapter in the book about Tuskegee. So,
one of the skeptical things is you could never do
all that stuff and keep it secret and if it was
known, it would get shut down. So, Tuskegee,
which is a town in the southern United States,
um 1932, the the public health service was the
organizing entity. Uh surgeon general signed
off on it. All these top medical people were
aware. And I've got a one of the papers I copied
is called side effects of syphilis in the male
negro is the title of the paper. So g give people
context on just high level what happened cuz
it's so shocking. They recruited 400 black rural
mostly illiterate guys who had syphilis and then
prevented them from getting treatment all the way
till it was shut down in 1972 cuz a reporter blew
a whistle on it. So it was studying the effects
of untreated syphilis and the astounding medical
discovery was people would get sick and die
earlier. Yeah. Shocker. That's all they learned.
Shocker. Uh pretty pretty pretty crazy. So you
you have that obviously uh occurring. You have
early radiation experiments. What you know, how
does radiation interact with the physical body?
It's all documented 100%. And there's all kinds
of like on the edge things I've heard I suspect,
but right now we're just 100% documented. So, uh,
Clinton had a report in the late '9s on radiation
experiments, like pretty thick, couple inches
thick. And in there, it describes a whole bunch
of stuff. U including uh I think it was seven. HP7
was his name, which means human product 7. Mhm.
This is guys they did radiation experiments on.
So, and this is in one of the Harvard hospitals
in Boston. He comes into the ER unconscious
in a coma. They inject him with plutonium and
he he dies without ever waking up. Not from the
plutonium, just whatever happened with him. So,
they're just how does it go through his kidneys?
How is it excreted? They're studying that. Jesus
Christ. So, if the guy arrived in a coma,
I'm guessing he didn't give informed consent,
right? Okay. So, let's get to MK Ultra or or just
mind control generally. When did the idea of mind
control cross the minds of American leadership?
What's documented is in the second world war the
because people have been manipulating and
controlling people forever, right? So just
making it government organized sophisticated
scientific doctors involved that's at least in
the second world war. So uh 1941 or two uh all the
intelligence agencies which are kind of scattered
all over the place in the US were brought under
the umbrella of the office of strategic services
which is the OSS and then the OSS was disbanded
at the end of the war and then in 1947 the CIA was
created and a lot of the OSS guys just moved over
there. So um there's a guy named GH Esster Brooks
who's on the he's a chapter in the book uh Colgate
College upstate New York. He uh published a book
in 1943 on hypnotism and a paper in 1971 or two in
a magazine describing creating the super spy. Uh,
and I have copies of his uh, contract with the war
department back in 43 or so. um him corresponding
with MK Ultra top secret cleared contractors,
inviting them to uh Colgate College, corresponding
with them, co-publishing with some of them,
um giving talks on the super spy at US Army
conferences, inviting uh the number two or three
guy and FBI to Colgate College to a conference and
corresponding back and forth with Jed Ghouver from
30s to 60s I think it was. This is all totally
documented. So he doesn't describe his methods
very much but he says he gets a susceptible guy.
This is all in the published material. Uh puts
him through some sort of conditioning which he
doesn't really describe in any detail. And then
he describes uh which is also in the MK Ultra
documents. He describes a a hypnotic code word
that's implanted which was the moon is clear.
So he brings this army guy in or the he assigns
it to the colonel. The colonel brings in this
army guy gives him a assignment to take some m
care courier materials over to Tokyo and then
says the moon is clear. Out comes the artificially
created identity created by Esther Brooks. Gives
him whatever the information is. sends the guy
over to Tokyo. The officer on the far end says,
"Oh, thanks for the documents. The moon is clear.
The secret message is transmitted. The response is
implanted." Switch back to the regular guy. He
goes back home. This is explicit clear detail.
This is described. And then in the um CI created
in 47, bluebird and artichoke were the precursors
of ember culture which started in 1950. And in
those documents it describes uh experiments where
they use secretaries and whoever they could get
their hands on, hypnotizing them, getting them to
do tasks and assignments and then having amnesia
for that. This is all described in great detail.
So the idea is if you could compartmentalize
a person from an aspect of themselves,
you can get that compartmentalized aspect to do
whatever you want. And you can create a trigger
to move somebody from their normal generic
personality into this right kind of you know
secret courier person. And in the documents it
describes uh words, verbal trigger, touch. In the
manuran candidate book and movie it's a playing
card. Mhm. So it can be anything that becomes a
trigger. Yeah. Okay. So you have bluebird, you
have artichoke. Then we got Meltra which then
runs into the early 60s that's rolled over to MK
search which runs into the early '7s. What is MK?
Uh there's speculation about that but I don't know
for sure. Some people think it's mind control,
but y m y k. So you can sound scary in German.
Oh, control. Oh Jesus. Yeah, that's weird. Um,
and and what were some of the earliest experiments
that even like tipped uh US intel officials off
that this was even possible? Uh, in the documents
that I have, the GHS Brooks, you know, pitched his
expertise to the CIA early in the ' 50s. Yeah,
I read this book called um The Controllers by
Martin Cannon and he talks about Esther Brooks
bragging about this sort of thing. Um so,
okay. Fascinating. You clearly like to brag. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Um who in the uh American government
and intel community kind of championed this idea
at the time kind of post World War II that we
should be experimenting with this? the director of
the CIA signed uh Bluebird into operation in April
1952, 3 months before the Korean War started in
June. And then the disinformation cover story was,
oh, we were just reacting to what the Communist
Chinese were doing, but it was already in place
offensive and defensive before the Korean War
started. So the directors of the CIA were all,
you know, knew what was going on. the top
guy was Sydney got for MK Ultra uh who's an
interesting character in and of itself and uh
so he was kind of the organizer main character
um I forget the year 50 50s something uh there's
a guy in uh Fort Detric in the chemical warfare
division named Frank Olsen and he was starting
to have little problem with his conscience and
was kind of maybe going to become a whistle
fullblower. So, Sydney Godly invited him to
a party somewhere outside the Washington DC area
and he was given a dose of LSD in quentthro lure
and then he had sort of a bad trip. Uh but that in
itself is a cover story. Uh because the story was
as a result of the being mentally ill, they didn't
mention the LSD, he jumped out of a hotel window,
the Statler Hotel, the 10th floor, and died.
But actually um Harold Abronson who's involved
in Mkeltra was a who's a doctor was involved in
the story and there's a guy named Pierre Lefit
uh who had like literally like 20 aliases which
are all listed in a book. The last name of one
of his aliases was H Highell. Alex Hyell was Lee
Harvey Oswald's alias. What? and Lee Harvey Oswald
and Pier Lefit both worked at the Riley Coffee
Company in the same period 60 to 63. So this is
all some secret web of something. So you think Lee
Harvey Oswald could have been an MK Ultra patient?
Very well. Easily could have been. Whoa. Wait, so
just I don't know that he was, but he very easily
could have been. So let's back up. So Frank Olsen
is working on biological warfare at Fort Dietrich
as part of MK Naomi. was pushed out of the hotel.
Pushed out of the hotel window. Pierre Lefit by
Pierre Lefit. I believe uh Frank Olsen's son is
named Eric Olsen and he investigated this and
realized the window was actually too small for
him to he couldn't have jumped out of this this
thing. He must have been pushed. The the family
just bought the story. Uh but then they read one
paragraph in a Rockefeller Commission report.
Mhm. 73 or somewhere in there. uh describing
exactly what happened to their dad, saying that he
was dosed with LSD. So that's how they got on it,
got lawyers, and there's a photograph of the
family in the Oval Office of the White House
with the president giving them the $700,000
compensation check. Jesus Christ. So it was
all blown wide open. Yeah. And Sydney Gotley on
record, you know, there's a great biography of him
called Poisoner and Chief, right? And he's known
as kind of almost the US version of Joseph Mangala
and like just kind of cowboy border science like
you know human subject testing. He was head of the
technical staff services for the CIA. Technical
services division. Technical services division.
Sorry. TSD. What was there was also TSS though
I believe. But anyways. Yeah I think it was the
same thing with a different name. Okay. Okay. So
okay. I want I don't want to let up on this Lee
Harvey Oswald who's the supposed lone gunman who
now everybody kind of knows probably wasn't the
lone gunman when it comes to assassinating JFK in
um November of 1963. I I have a document that's
part of the blueberoke papers I think but one
of the there's multiple programs project offen
broad mk nom uh there's like five or six of them
all parallel the document is um one intelligence
officer writing to another intelligence officer
that after 63 no before 63 that Lee Harvey
Oswald's mother has gotten in contact with the
guy cuz Lee Harvey Oswald's mother is concerned
that somebody's been impersonating him in Europe.
There's a bunch of suspicious stuff going on. And
then the other main suspicious thing about the
story is, okay, so Marine Guy defects to Russia
and then we just let him back in and don't put
him under surveillance or end the story. Nothing
to see here. Well, then he goes and works at 544
Camp Street in New Orleans, and the guy who owns
that building is an FBI investigator named Guy
Banister, right? So, that's strange. And I believe
he was implicated in he Lear Oswald like had the
gun of he almost assassinated somebody six months
earlier or something, right? But he was such a
lousy shot that he didn't kill the guy. Yeah.
And and the gun a military guy. Yeah. Walker.
Yeah. Walker. Right. Yeah. There's so much off
about that whole story. And then he gets a job at
the Texas Book Depository. And the woman who owns
that or the woman who who he's like living with
is is Ruth Payne, right? And she's very close with
Mary Bankraftoft who's Alan Dulles's mistress.
Alan Dulles is the director of the CIA. Tied
in. Yeah. Yeah. So there's so many Ruth Payne is
very tied in. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Yeah.
Yeah. And then the guy who owns the Texas Bird
Depository is a guy named Harold Bird. I don't
know that. Oh yeah. And he was a I think related
to Richard Bird who did Operation High Jump who's
headed towards you know um Antarctica and and and
might have ran into like flying saucers. Sort of
weird lore around that. But Harold Bird won uh
you know some award for the Civil Air Corp from
Curtis Lame and I believe was the Bird family was
close with LBJ as well and there you know reasons
to believe that LBJ might have had something
to do with the assassination of JFK. Obviously
he was a ruthlessly political guy. So that's the
sort of politics conspiracy side of things. It's
the same thing when you get into the documents
you find out in documented documents. This guy
is connected to this guy. This guy is connected to
that guy. It's this whole network. It's not just
two guys in an office running the show. What are
the Let's set the landscape as far as what are the
modalities they are testing. So clearly hypnotism
is one of them. Um is there like electroshocking,
right? That's like uh there's all kinds
of stuff. Brain electrode implants. Okay.
Electric shock. Whole bunch of different drugs.
Uh classical sensor deprivation isolation.
Mhm. Uh, basically they just kind of like threw
everything at the wall to see what would stick.
Yeah. It's very I was going to say helter skelter
was probably not a good choice of term for this,
but so in 75 or six at committee hearings um the
general council for the US Army released a list of
120ish different drugs that had been used for mind
control testing by the army. and they admitted to
1,500 LSD subjects. And there's videos of those
online still. And sometimes it seems like they're
admitting to 4,000. But if we do, 1500 people
times 120 different drugs. It's a lot of people,
right? It's a lot of people. That's pretty
egregious. What did they discover worked of
all of those modalities? Were there things that
worked better uh than others? Were there different
use cases for the different modalities? So
on Manurion candidate, they just poo pooed
that totally. Yeah. It's not possible. We can't
do that. We never use those people. Yeah. Which
is just straight up lie. It's just a straight up
lie. And we'll get into some examples that kind
of prove that that's a straight up lie. Well,
why don't we just get into that? So what what
um what's a good example of somebody becoming
a Manurion candidate? Well, we uh and Manurian
candidate is a is a compartmentalized trained
assassin that you could trigger somebody to
become an assassin. Why are they called Manurion
candidates? So there's another document in the
uh files there where the CIA officer writing to
another CIA officer says he can he's concerned
about reports this Korean war stuff that um a
group of GIS going through a zone in Manuria were
captured and hypnosis was used on them. That's
the plot of the Manuran candidate in CIA documents
before the book was written or published. It's
not just pulled out of nowhere. My take on all
this in terms of the politics and the ethics is
the CIA military would be negligent and guilty of
dereliction of duty if they didn't look into this,
didn't have expertise cuz obviously these kind of
people are being run at us by terrorists, foreign
intelligence agencies. So, uh, give me some of the
early psychiatrists that were kind of pioneering
these methods. Uh so again this is all documents
for sure within MK Ultra which is the same in
other programs. There's kind of three categories
of projects. There's 149 of them total. Uh a third
of them are just straightforward sort of chemical
procurement industrial contracts. A third of them
the investigator who's some professor somewhere
is unwitting. means he doesn't know it's CIA money
because it's funneled through a front organization
which they called a cutout. And then a third of
them roughly are cleared at top secret. They know
it's CIA money. So two top secret cleared guys
were Martin or Jolly West. So Martin Or being
and it says in the documents the purpose of the
project and says the amount of money and so on.
Um and the year the purpose was studying hypnotic
and dissociative states. So for sure they were
working on that. Uh and Martin or was aware of
JHester Brooks and back and forth. Um so Jolly
West is famous for several different things. One
is killing an elephant at Oklahoma City Zoo with
a dose of LSD. Uh he also was sort of involved in
the UCLA violence project which was when uh Reagan
was the uh governor. The idea there was to implant
electrodes in prisoners brains and then when
they're released sex offenders, track them, and if
they go outside the allowed perimeter, send them a
signal and paralyze them temporarily. And that was
shut down before it got started. But uh Louis Joan
West was involved in that. He uh interviewed um
Timothy McVey. Really? Oklahoma City bomber. So
here Oklahoma City bomber. He Louis Jolian West
is over in LA. There's lots of psychiatrists
everywhere. By random chance they had Louis Jolian
West come and invest interview Timothy McVey. Why
do you think he interviewed Tim the Oklahoma City
bomber Timothy McVey? Legend has it that in 1943,
the Navy tried to teleport a ship in what's
now known as the Philadelphia experiment,
and it kind of worked. It disappeared, reappeared,
and then half the crew got atomically fused into
the ship's walls. Others just vanished. No one
was where they were supposed to be. Talk about
a breakdown in communication. And you know who
was leading the whole project? My favorite, the
mid-century anti-gravity inventor Thomas Townsen
Brown, who literally had a nervous breakdown that
year due to the very poor communication among the
team members. You know what that sounds like? Your
team before you had quo. This year, upgrade your
system to a workspace that keeps your team from
shattering across dimensions. If you've ever tried
to schedule a meeting across five time zones and
six platforms, you know the absolute horror of
losing people to the ether. That's why today's
episode is brought to you by Quo, spelled
Quo, the smarter way to run your business
communications. It's a single streamlined command
center for calls, notes, transcripts, chats,
even AI summaries. An all-in-one shared reality,
yours. No vanishing, no fusing into calendars.
Just your team fully entangled and synced across
time zones, timelines, even caffeine levels.
Make this the year where no opportunity and no
customer slips away. Try Quo for free. Plus,
get 20% off your first 6 months when you
go to quo.com/jesse. That's quo.com/jessie.
Quo, no missed calls, no missed customers. Now,
back to the show. McVey, this is all public
domain. Uh McVey said when they took him to Tinker
Air Force Base, they removed a computer chip
from his buttock. What? This is all This is not
conspiracy theory. This is facts that I got out
of, you know, public domain. Was he newspapers?
Did he have any criminal background? Where do you
think he was implanted with this thing? Like was
he at UCLA? Were because Jolly West was obviously
head of psychiatry at UCLA, right? Was he were
there any connections between him and Jolly before
the bombing? Not that I know of. But they removed
But it wouldn't have to be him. I mean, it could
be there's lots of people in the military, right?
They removed a computer chip from his butt. It's
[__] weird. Which means they know exactly where
he was every minute of every day up to the time
of the bombing. So the and then you hear things
like Charles Manson, the responsible for the most
famous murders, the Tate Lab Bianca murders,
Sharon Tate, famous actress at the apex of her
career, murdered in cold blood while pregnant with
Roman Palansk's uh I don't know, son or daughter,
but uh and and and and we now know from Tom
O'Neal's amazing book, Chaos, that very amazing
book, amazing book and just hard-headed journalism
over decades. He started as like this, you know,
beat reporter like looking into, you know, the it
was like the anniversary of the Manson murders.
He was just going to do an article and then
he he met Vincent Bugliosce who was the lead
prosecutor on the case who wrote the book Helter
Skelter and realized, oh my god, this narrative
is entirely off. It's all cover story. It's all
all cover story and realized that Manson in 1967
was going in consistently to the hate Ashbury Free
Medical Clinic in uh San Francisco. Oh, you mean
the one that Louis Jolly and West was at? Exactly.
And Jolly West had an office there. Yeah. Yeah,
he did. And then you have this like transformation
of this guy from this petty criminal who's being
caught and released to this like sex god cult
leader musician, you know, in LA who's like
living with one of the Beach Boys and it's just
this like, you know, day and night sort of thing.
Um, so well I guess the meta question here is
if you have a guy like Manson who's an MK Ultra
patient and then you have a guy like McVey who's
an MK Ultra patient. These people are committing
horrific acts. Why would the government, like the
CIA, like a guy who had top secret clearance for
the CIA, Jolly West, or any of these people
program uh American citizens to murder other
American citizens? Well, that's the question. So,
probably because their ethics are a little off,
number one. Yeah. But we don't know. So, it could
be that Jolly West was just sort of a secondary
character in the show cuz he's not going to be the
only Manurion candidate creator on the planet. Uh,
can you create a chain of Manurion
candidates? So, this is really creepy,
but say what if the psychiatrist themselves is a
manurian candidate and they are doing treatments
that they're not even aware of to I'd advise not
going to that psychiatrist. I know, but how how
does anybody know? I mean, you you document all
these people who are cutouts and not even like,
you know, connected explicitly, and then what
if they're themselves compartmentalized? So,
as I always say, we know the tiny tip of the
iceberg. The stuff, the whole iceberg is just
who knows what's going on down there. It's exactly
like the Epstein story, right? Yeah. So, we know
he exists. We know he's a trafficker. We know
he supposedly killed himself. He either killed
himself or was murdered in jail. Uh who else been
prosecuted? Him and his girlfriend. That's it in
the United States. Just just his girlfriend. Who's
gotten the heat? Now Prince Andrew. Yeah. Some
expendable foreign guy. Yeah. None of the people
who actually committed the crimes and then all the
people in the documents all happened to not go to
the not commit any crimes. You know, most of them
say we didn't go to the island. It's preposterous.
It's absolutely preposterous. Okay. I have a crazy
question about him. Do you think do you think he
was an MK Ultra patient? I have no idea. But the
thing is it's not just like some crazy conspiracy
theory. It's actually realistically possible that
any and a whole bunch of these guys were Can I Can
I give you my crazy Epstein MK Ultra theory? Oh,
you'll be in trouble if you don't. Okay. Um, so
Manson, if you look at who he modeled his life off
of, it was um, Stranger in a Strange Land, Robert
Heinline, this like 1968 or nine bestseller sci-fi
book. Uh, I believe he um calls his son, Don
Michael Valentine, who is like the lead character
in the book. And he even calls his parole officer,
a guy named Roger Smith. I believe he calls him
Jubal. Jubal Harshaw was this protector character
in this book. Manson, I sent you an email. I don't
know if you saw it. Oh, I don't. You know, I don't
think I did. The TV show FBI. Oh, you did? Yeah.
What was this again? So the it's a fiction about
FBI and they're always getting the bad guys and
there's the woman who's sort of like the head, but
the actual operational guy who's always, you know,
checking stuff and looking on the screen
and assigning people to go here and there,
his name is Jubel Valentine. Well, there you go. A
mashup of two names in Stranger of a Strange Land.
It's not random. That's not random. Clearly. So
whether it's just some screenwriter with a sense
of humor who read that kind of stuff or Well, this
is where it gets really creepy. I'm like, are do
you think that LSD was given to Manson or he was
dosed up made to be extremely impressionable? We
know that on record at the time there's a program
called Operation Midnight Climax where actually
it's a sub project within Multra. Operation
Midnight Climax is sort of an informal name for
it, but it existed. So, it existed and they were
dosing up hippies off the street in Hate Ashbury,
putting them behind a, you know, a one-way mirror
and then viewing them, you know, with prostitutes
and stuff, how they'd behave. And so, here's a
wrinkle on that story. So, that was mostly in San
Francisco, a little bit in New York. Um, the guy
who was sort of running that was a former whatever
the DEA was called before, can't remember the name
of it before it was called the DEA. So, he was,
you know, involved in various things that had to
do with intelligence. So, he was running it. Um,
and he's quoted as saying, his name was uh, George
White, something along the lines of, "Where else
could a good American boy rape, murder, and kill
with impunity?" Jesus Christ. That's what he said
in public. That was the head of the equivalent
of the DEA at the time, the drug enforcement
agency. He was the head of Operation Midnight
Climax. I know. But then he became the head of
the DEA. Yeah. It's not a low-level. So none
of these guys, the same with the psychiatrist,
they're not just some, you know, off-the-g grid
person in a basement somewhere. These are top
psychiatrists, top government people, top secret
cleared. So creepy. Okay, so here's my question.
Okay. If they're doing stuff like that, um, they
what I think is if you have a guy who's illiterate
who's modeling his life off the book, he can't
read the book, but the book becomes the template
for his life. Stranger in a strange land, Charles
Manson. He was probably read the book while dosed
up on LSD or ketamine or something. Could be. I
don't know. Speculating. But if that's the case,
I wonder if the same thing happened with Epstein
because Epstein started at Dalton school, which
was, you know, prep school in New York for no
apparent reason. Wasn't qualified to work there.
You jumped from nowhere to 300 million in a blink.
Yeah. Well, that so that was Dalton and then Bear
Stern and all the other stuff. But even Dalton,
you know, I think he was engaging in underage,
you know, relations with his students at the
time, right? Was unqualified for that job. was
like this street kid and gets the job there. Um,
I believe the guy who gives him a job is a guy
named Donald Bar. And Donald Bar was a former
highly cleared Navy guy and he wrote a book
called Space Relations. And it's all about using
underage sex as comprom. It's about this like,
you know, this guy that is, you know, uh,
going to another planet and then ends up being
groomed by this other woman and and the the woman
almost, it could be like Gain or like, you know,
like one of his handlers or something. So, you
have another case where it's like his life seemed
to be modeled off the book, right? And so I wonder
if there was some sort of like weird screening of,
you know, or made, you know, he was made to be
very impressionable and then he was, you know,
this this book was somehow the model or template
for his life. Here's where it gets even crazier.
Uh Donald Bar's son is William Bar. William
Bar was the attorney general under Trump and
under Bush 41. under Trump when Epstein got
arrested and as the acting attorney general,
he went and visited uh Epstein's jail cell and and
met with uh uh his cellmate, this guy Stone Reyes,
who mysteriously died 6 months later. What acting
attorney general ever visits the the jail cell of,
you know, a random person who's committed a
crime? That's crazy. But here's where it gets
crazier. Bill Bar was the CIA intern in 1974, 1975
around the church committee. He was a Senate CIA
intern. Pull it. So, as far as like obstructing
justice and possibly deleting records, you know,
around MK Ultra, like that would be the perfect
place to do it. The story on MK Ultra records is
uh they were all destroyed by Richard Helms and
Sydney Gotautle. Uh but they somehow found seven
boxes of documents in a storage facility
somewhere. And then those are the documents
that got released eventually. So that's called a
limited hangout. That's actually the CIA's term,
which is you let a little bit of information
out, cover up the greater information. It's
a standard operating strategy. So, I wonder if
Bill Barr was like covering up for his dad's,
you know, horrible. This is crazy speculation.
I'm speculating. I have no idea. But it's very
it's weird fact pattern. Have you ever heard of
a woman named Patty Hurst? William Randph Hurst's
daughter who was kidnapped by the Limb Simbanese
Liberation Army. Tell me this story. So William
Randers for people that don't know is the model
for Orson Wells Citizen Canain. He is the premier
uh kind of publisher of you know the biggest
newspapers San Francisco Chronicle and stuff
in you know in the US and specifically California
right this connects into Jim Jones and Jonestown
as well. Okay. So uh Patty Hurst's boyfriend whose
name I just forget now. Um he was observed and it
was reported in public domain on site at the
people's temple location in Yukaya, California
before they moved to South America. Then uh
Donald Dreeze uh who was a petty criminal, same
thing. Couldn't read a book. uh he was transferred
within the prison system to a new location where
he walked out of the prison into the public. Um,
and then, uh, a psychological warfare expert with
the army in the Vietnam War came over under cover
of the Black Cultural Association, met with him
repeatedly, gave him his code name of CINQ 5. Uh,
and then lo and behold, he kidnaps Patty Hurst.
Uh so the story is that the Simbian Liberation
Army came into the apartment of Patty Hurst and
the boyfriend knocked the boyfriend out. So he's
just an innocent bystander who happened to be
a Jim Jones 3 months earlier. And then they
take Patty Hurst and they uh terrorize her,
sensory deprivation, sensory isolation, hold her
in a closet for weeks on end. She now has a new
identity, Tanya, who participates in a bank
robbery. Jesus. She's convicted. And then at
trial, the people testifying that she's been mind
controlled include Louis Jolian West. It just like
everything's so interwoven and interconnected.
So weird. And then she gets pardoned by can't
remember which president. No, Jolly West is like
this bizarre figure who he's like Forest Gump or
something. He pops up in all these places
like hiding the truth. Like he, you know,
he saw Jack Ruby. So Jack Ruby killed Lee Harvey
Oswald and he sees him in his cell, right, for
was it 24 hours or something and then he comes out
does a press conference says Jack Ruby's gone gone
crazy. And literally that was the breaking point.
Actually, he according to West shot Oswald while
having an epileptic seizure. What? That's what
that was what he said. Because he didn't remember
having killed Lear Oswald, right? So, he probably
was an MK Ultra patient before having shot Lear
Oswald. Who doesn't remember shooting somebody?
Siron, we're just jumping around here. So, that's
he's claimed amnesia for that. So the all the way
so the guy that killed the supposed but not really
lone gunman of JFK MK Ultra patient and then the
guy that killed JFK's brother RFK was a you famous
presidential candidate attorney general under JFK
he was also probably an MK Ultra patient who I
think is still alive and to to this day does not
says that he has no recollection of having shot
RFK Robert F. Kennedy. Yep. It's so crazy. One of
the can't remember the title of the book, but one
of the RFK very wellressearched books, there's
a photograph of the uh Los Angeles County corner
with a ruler and he's measuring and counting the
bullet entry holes because he knows another person
got hit, RFK got hit, and there's certain number
of in the door jambs and the walls. Those add up
to more than the chambers in the supposed lone
shooters gun. I for a fact. That's right. And I
believe it was the same coroner who saw JFK who
wasn't happy about the treatment of JFK's body
before he examined it and thought there was some
malfeasants there. And I think it was a lot of
gunshots specifically from the back in RFK's case.
And yeah, supposed shooters four, five, six feet
in front. In front. That's right. her hands shot
was close range from behind. That's right. And I
believe Robert F. Kennedy cuz I think he was like
giving a speech or something. Falls back and grabs
this guy behind him and falls down on this guy.
That guy was a locked skunk work bodyguard named
Eugene Thne Caesar. Oh man. And I believe if you
asked Robert F. Kennedy who's obviously now you
know health and human services secretary right he
will say I think Eugene Thane Caesar that locked
security guard killed my father he would say that
or he has he would say that he would say that I
think he believes that and why I'm not doubting
it but why do you think that's what he believes
you must have said something oh I I believe he
no I'm saying I believe that he has publicly said
this he's publicly said a 24 year old Palestinian
man named Son Siron shot him with a 22 caliber
revolver. He was hit three times. Five other
people were wounded as well. Well, I didn't
first of all I I would dispute that description
of what happened. Okay. Um I don't believe that
Sir Han's bullets ever hit my father. Oh, he was
shot from behind by somebody who was standing
behind him with a gun pressed between the two of
him and firing. And that man was almost certainly
Eugene Fain Cesar who was a security guard who had
been hired the day before. So pretty wild. And I
think he thinks it was all done at the behest of
this guy Bob Mayhew who was the general counsel
for Howard Hughes or like the right-hand man for
Howard Hughes, right? And it's all just so spooky.
You have all these guys who were tied in with the
5412 commission at the time, the sort of inter
agency coordination group that I think originally
starts out for, you know, if the government if the
president wants to do some spooky covert action,
it's plausible deniability for him. It's inter
agency coordination and it turns into this sort of
runaway, you know, deep state faction that just,
you know, well, is it really runaway or not really
is always a question right there? That's the other
qu. Yeah, you call it runaway, but maybe it is
always plausible deniability for the president.
Who knows? I mean, you do have this famous
speech obviously Eisenhower gives, beware of
the military-industrial complex, and you have to
wonder if he was referring to groups like that.
But, okay, so we're just we're just knocking them
down as far as sacred cow assassinations, and they
just all seem to be related to MK Ultra. You know,
one person that people wonder about all the time,
uh, not in the kind of political realm, but in the
cultural realm, is the icon John Lennon, you know,
the lead singer of the Beatles, who was this
obviously counterculture hero, was probably viewed
as a threat, you know, by Jed Hoover and other
people. Well, those guys were definitely unhappy
about him. That's known. So, so tell me about his
killer and was he possibly an MK Ultra patient?
Uh, I don't know about who controlled him, but
he was, you know, sort of like a low-level guy
without a whole ton of money. Took off on a
world tour. What's his name? Um, Mark David
Chapman. Mark David Chapman. Uh, he was in a psych
hospital in Hawaii for a while. He comes back. Um,
and there's I can't remember the name of the
biography, but in the biography of him in great
detail, it describes uh he had a whole bunch of
people inside his head. Robert was the head guy.
I mean, he had MPD, DID by description for sure,
if that's all accurate. The MPD for the audiences,
multiple personality disorder, which was renamed
dissociative identity disorder at 94. Did one of
the personalities was it saying you have to kill
John Lennon? That part's not known. So why do we
think that he possibly was MK Ultraid and not just
like you know MK, you know, multiple personality
disorder you might associate with some sort of
generic mental illness or something. Uh maybe
could be. Don't know for sure. Okay. So hard to
say there. But it's it's not just wild out of
nowhere theorize it. Uh-huh. It's realistically
possible that he could have been handled. Well,
is there anything else any other evidence besides
just having multiple personality disorder? Um,
uh, let's see. What's the, uh, cuz I think those
details, there's so many of them. What's the book
that was published in the 50s that was a trigger
for him? Oh, uh, Catcher in the Ride. Catcher in
the Ride. Yeah. Yeah. JD Salinger. Yeah. U, so he
went to a bookstore and got that book. which maybe
was the trigger before doing the shooting. Oh,
interesting. Like the book triggered. Oh, Jesus.
Maybe. That is wild. Well, I think Sir Han, Sir
Han, going back to the Robert F. Kennedy thing,
I believe he was writing in his diary at the time
like must kill RFK or something like he had this
sort of like it was like he had been programmed.
You can't I've looked at that in the different
books. You can't tell. Is it just psychotic,
rambling, obsessing, or is it programming? And he
also like didn't he had like memory lapses, right?
Like didn't he have some like he was traumatized
uh in the Middle East as a kid cuz there's a lot
of war going on. His apartment was bombed and he
uh saw some dismembered bodies and stuff. So, he
has a trauma foundation for being a dissociative
guy. Speaking of trauma foundation, you read
some of these Epstein files and you start to
go beyond this is just sick, you know, pedophile
elite powerful people fulfilling their bizarre
fantasies, uh, and into a territory of they're
systematically conditioning some of these young
people and creating what you call the the trauma
foundation so that these people are susceptible
and impressionable to future sort of manipulation.
Do you think there was some sort of undercurrent
there with the the Epstein thing? Well, first of
all, it's a bunch of sex offender guys. There's
huge financial part to it. Sex trafficking.
I mean, it's a multi-billion dollar industry,
right? So, there's their own personal sexual
whatever. There's the money. There's the scoring
points with the other guys and being high ranking
in that subculture. and then who knows what else.
It's pretty pretty bizarre, man. It's a it's a
weird world. You read that stuff and you're like,
"Oh my god." Like it really not only does it sort
of vindicate the super conspiracy theorists like
people who believed in Pizzagate cuz it looks
like jerky and hot dog like these foods were
like code words for children and stuff. It was
just gross. Not only is it vindication for that,
but it's vindication for people who I think viewed
uh like the world more metaphysically and thought
elite power structures weren't just vying for
power but maybe were doing the bidding of some
like evil entities above them. Like what would
drive anybody to do these sorts of things? It's,
you know, it's like I think Les Wexner who was
Epstein's like one of his closest associates and
I think you know he like provided him with a house
in Ohio and stuff and like piles of money. Yeah.
Piles of money. He was the Victoria Secret founder
and CEO. So do we think this guy has access to
women? Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I mean there you go.
Um, and then but but also I believe in the 80s or
90s less Wexner is writing in his diary and he's
talking about being haunted by a dvak. And a dbuk
is uh I think in Hebrew it means demon. And so
you get into this these, you know, weird territory
where it's like you're not even doing this for
your own sick, sadistic, twisted, you know,
pleasure. You're doing this because you're doing
the bidding of some higher, you know, even more
evil. Well, now now we're definitely outside
the documents. Yeah. Yeah, we are. We're outside
regular psychiatry. Yes. So, but now you're
into supernatural multi-dimensional entities,
which then takes us into aliens. And sure, who
knows? I mean, I don't pretend to know the answers
to all this stuff. Well, speaking of supernatural
entities, I know you're not interested in aliens
at all. Not at all. It's not Yeah, who cares? Um,
you know, maybe we'll get to that at some point,
but uh, no, uh, uh, it's funny. Um, one of the
people you mention in the documents as far as,
uh, you know, psychiatrists deeply implicated in
MK Ultra is a guy named Michael Persinger. And
do you know about his God helmet, the Persinger
God helmet? So, tell us about that. Well, there's
Martin Ore and Jolly West were on the board of the
False Memory Syndrome Foundation that was formed
in 1992. Mhm. And there's a if you ever watched a
movie called Star Wars, there's the light in the
dark, right? Universal themes. Yes. So, uh,
in 1980 comprehensive textbook of psychiatry
that I studied is like the Bible of psychiatry.
Three volumes. It's like literally this thick.
Uh way at the back of volume two, there's a small
section called topics of special interest, which
is irrelevant stuff that we thought we'd throw
in way at the back, and a chapter called incest,
which is not a relevant topic in psychiatry. In
that chapter, there's a reference to a 1955 study
saying that incest occurs in one family out of a
million in North America. Those were the medical
facts in 1980. So there's been massive cover
up of childhood trauma, childhood sexual abuse,
sexual harassment on and rape. There was no rape
crisis centers around. It was all completely
irrelevant to the mental health of the population.
Is the implication of these psychiatrists who are
causing trauma being on this false memory
foundation? Is it like they're gaslighting
the people that they've traumatized by saying
they're false memories or like what's the Well,
I think it's This is now speculation, too. I'm
going to speculate if you don't mind. Sure. I know
you don't like speculation. I love speculation.
Oh, I mis misread that. It's hard to tell. So,
um I think there's if you look at the people on
the the board and the people been active in the
false memory, what was that organization trying
to do? for sure, for a fact, publicly stated,
get rid of multiple personality. Nobody's
diagnosing it. Nobody's treating it. Discredit
it. Ridicule it. Shut it down. So, what were their
motives? It wasn't just one thing. So, there's a
bunch of people who are sort of memory experts and
it doesn't fit with their model of memory that you
can induce amnesia or even have amnesia just on
your own as part of PTSD. So, they don't like
that. So they want to shut that down. Then there's
u I think a group of people who actually were
mistakenly falsely accused of incest. So they want
some organization to help them out. Then there's
people who were actually incest perpetrators. They
need a defense. So it's all false memories. And
then there's a group of people who just think
that's a whole bunch of stupid Freudian theory
and we've grown past that and we want to shut
down all that nonsense. And then there's Jolly
West Martin or their motive being to cover up the
menuring candidate programs because therapists
are starting to tune in to multiple personalities.
Uh which didn't exist back in the back in the day
hardly. Uh and we're just starting to hear stories
of I was taken to a military base. I was taken to
a lab. I was spun around physically. Did things
with goggles. all kinds of experimental stuff to
create alter personalities. So this is leaking out
into public. So that better get shut down. Jesus.
So there's multiple motives there. You said spun
around and disoriented. Yeah. It's all What do
you If you go to Abu Grae or Guantanamo Bay where
we've all been by looking at photos, right? What
do you see being done? torture, food deprivation,
sensory deprivation, isolation, hooding,
sitting in forced postures for hours and hours
and hours and hours and hours at Abu Grae. Um,
being forced to naked do sex stuff with other male
uh, Muslim guys with a female US officer watching
uh, mock dog attacks, electric shock. There's
photographs of all this stuff and um insulting
the religion and stomping literally physically
stomping on and destroying the Quran. Why would
I mean but doing that to our it's horrible to
do that to anyone, right? Doing that to our own
citizens feels even crazier. Well, so jumping
back to Guantano Bay, why would we be doing all
this stuff? That's just classical brainwashing,
mind control. M technology. So suspicion they're
actually trying to like Guantanamo Bay is actually
a training breeding ground for Manurion candidate
double agents who then get released. Wow. Go
back home maybe. Oh interesting. So it's like
the like worst case outcome is you inflict a
lot of pain on the person. They give you vital
information. You break them. The best case is that
you can actually create some split personality or
something and then send them back into their home
turf, their home countries, right? Jesus Christ,
that's gnarly, man. That I mean that makes sense.
It makes sense. The odds that it's never been done
anywhere seems slim to me. Well, yeah. No, I mean
that definitely has been. That's crazy. There's a
a little side story. Since I'm Canadian by birth,
I got two passports now. Um, there's a guy named
Omar Kedar. I'm not quite sure how you pronounce
his last name. Um, who was a terrorist in the
Middle East. I think it was Afghanistan. It was
either Iraq or Afghanistan. Um, and he uh threw
a grenade that wounded uh several American service
guys. Well, How'd he get his hands on the grenade?
How old was he? 12. So 12-year-old kid, a platoon
of US soldiers invades his village way out in the
middle of nowhere. There's a firefight. He gets
shot. This is according to the US military. He's
under rubble. He gets pulled out. He gets taken
back to here and here ends up at Guantanamo Bay
because he's a known terrorist. And the I I don't
know if it's true or not true, but they say that
they are interested in him because his father
may have communicated with Osama bin Laden. So,
we're going to hold a 12-year-old kid who's
now 18, 19, 20 for almost a decade to try and
get information out of him cuz we can't get that
information out in a couple of weeks and he's a
terrorist. And then he gets released and goes
back to Canada and Canada gives him 10 million
and place to stay. This is such stupid stories
and such ridiculous behavior for what purpose?
It's very weird. So you think there's this
ulterior motive of I don't know if it's just
gung-ho as you mentioned cowboy craziness or Yeah.
there's some sort of ulterior motive or plan.
Like, what are the odds that a 12-year-old kid
knows anything about anything? Speaking of kind of
couriers that are split off from some hermetically
sealed, almost encrypted part of themselves that's
carrying a message into kind of deep foreign
territory. One of the craziest stories from
your book is about a woman named Candy Jones,
right? What's her deal? The control of Candy
Jones is uh is her auto not auto biography, not
autobiography. Uh so she was a pinup girl in
World War II in the Pacific theater. Came back,
was just kind of living a fairly regular life,
nothing much going on. And then um there's a guy
who's oh not going to remember this name either,
but there's a guy who is a military intelligence
guy who's living in the same building who kind
of interacted with her a bit and she ended
up uh getting worked on by this psychiatrist
uh had a a new identity that was doing courier
assignments and who knows exactly what kind of
assignments. And then she wrote it or she and
her biographer wrote about that in detail. Did
she What were the career assignments? Where did
she go? Uh Philippines. I can't remember the whole
list of places. Maybe Taiwan. I think probably
it was over Eastern Asia. Yeah. Um the gifted and
talented education program in the United States.
This often comes up as possibly related to some
of these mind control experiments, but being done
systematically on young people. You have a lot of
people now coming out saying they had me drink a
pink drink that erased my memory or I was told to
stare at a sine wave and collapse the sine wave
or, you know, look at a piece of metal and see
how I mentally interacted with the metal, right?
sometimes being spun around on, you know, their,
you know, people's vestibular systems being messed
with. I think I think there's something called the
the G-lock or something like that. I don't know
that. Do have you heard anything about the gifted
and talented education program? A few sort of
floating rumors. That's about it. Okay. But
I've had people have told me whether whatever the
program was called that how did they get into it?
Well, um, their dad took them over there because
they they had dirt on their dad cuz he was a sex
offender and so on. Now, the route is after
school programs, special school programs,
and then the special school program got
transferred over to the base. So, I've heard
those stories. Do you think any of this stuff do
UFOs ever come up in your research? Do you think
any of this relates to UFOs? I've actually touched
on that a few times. at risk of being dismissed as
a EUO conspiracy nut. Of course, you're in good
company. Uh, you outrank me. Actually, I'm just
I'm just a lowle guy. Yeah. Yeah. You can you can
uh you know, look look very sane next to me. So,
I'm wearing a ridiculous shirt that says believe
and alien on. Uh I'm wide open to aliens like uh
uh we know that there's like multiple multiple
multiple multiple reports of uh visual sighting
from the ground, visual sighting from the pilot,
simultaneous radar sighting from the ground, radar
sighting from the jet, you turning right angles
at Mach 3, jumping up 80,000 ft in seconds. That's
all documented. These things have been observed
over and over and over. Uh which maybe we can get
to Roswell in a second here. Um so there's clearly
craft and the it's kind of like taking the lid off
little bit by little bit by little bit cuz it was
all mockery mockery mockery mockery. But now it's
not mockery anymore. Why? We're not talking about
those crazy UFOs anymore. We're talking about
UAPs. So that's sort of a sanitizing take the bad
aura off and the military and the government are
saying there's UAPs that are not from us. So okay,
so is that cover story for some advanced program
of our own, but it's it's not any technology
that's anywhere near the public domain. Uh so
there definitely are UAPs flying around. Do they
have biological occupants from other planets? Just
based on that information, you can't say for sure.
But it's not just a madeup by nutcases thing. It's
an officially acknowledged phenomena by the
government. And if it's not like it's not the
Russians, it's not the Chinese, it's not us. Yep.
We kind of run out of possibilities here. Well,
also if you think of UFOs as this like sacred
truth, like a UFO itself is just a kind of a
byproduct. It's this like, you know, it's the
tip of the iceberg, which is just this object,
right, that's flying in ways that we don't
understand. And then if you think of that as
uh the tip of the spear on like a deeper kind of
worldview, metaphysical worldview that is just
much more expanded than this kind of materialist
reductionist, you know, kind of overly scientific
view that we have today. Uh, I wonder if
government or power structures think about people
who are seeking truth and looking systematically
into UFOs as some some sort of like, you know,
uh, threat because it's inherently kind of in
a reverent search. It's you're looking for,
you know, authority beyond the government
or you're looking for, again, metaphysics
that's very kind of expanded. And so I do
sometimes wonder if there are divi if there
are initiatives in the government to kind of
manufacture division and stoke conflict within
the UFO community or instigate belief in sort of
bizarre ways or so without having any evidence.
I'm sure there are. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure there
are too. Just the way intelligence operations
operate. Yeah. You're always sewing to stand back
in one side, back in the other side. Yeah. And if
you just see it as a huge theater distraction,
Uh-huh. what's it being distracted from? Well,
it's because there really are aliens and somebody
in the government is interacting with them or it's
our own advanced weaponry that we want to keep a
lid on. Yeah, I know. I know. One or the other.
I know enough to know that there's some aliens
is a you know you are kind of being presumptuous
by saying aliens as far as you know them being
from another planet and I'm saying not you. I'm
saying anybody. Um I'm I'm never presumptuous.
And you're never presumptuous. Now you do stick
with the facts. I don't. Um but uh well I just
like to use facts as the base. I don't mind going
off speculate. That's what you have to do. That's
what you have to do with these things. And and I
actually think it's irresponsible not to speculate
if per what you said, you're being given little
bits and pieces of information strategically per
these limited hangouts. If you're not trying to
figure out what's actually going on and you're
just taking at face value what you're being given,
that's that's an issue. If you're being given the
data set by somebody who's trying to throw you
off, um do you have to sip on the Kool-Aid while
you're doing that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
that's the thing. you have to sip on it and
then say this Kool-Aid tastes bad and spit it
out or something, you know. So, it's it's it's
a really tough these things are tough to look
into because the people that are the bad actors
are often the sources of information. So, it's
it's a weird it's a weird space. Um, but yeah, I
do wonder how much interaction the UFO stuff and
the MK Ultra stuff is. I mean, okay, why don't we
There's zero in the MK Ultra related documents.
Not one word. The only connection I think I
can Yeah. The the only connection um I have is
I believe in Jacqu Valet. Jacqu Valet is this
famous French godfather. You're aware of him.
Yeah. He's this amazing UFO researcher. He's
the basis for France Rufo's character in Close
Encounters of the Third Kind. He was Jen Heinik's
assistant in Blue Book and he was also one of the
kind of early pioneers of the internet. um he
helped build Arpanet under Doug Angelbart. he
um in he has these like series of diaries where
he just writes about his meetings that he has and
they're called forbidden science and he has like
I think five volumes at this point and he talked
about I believe Sydney got uh or some or like
some of his sup some like people in like the CIA
you know technical staff services like that world
them having books on UFOs and trying to understand
what's going on with them, right? But like not
really understanding what's going on with them.
So there's some sort of interest on the part
of people who are clearly deeply implicated in
the mind control stuff in the UFO stuff. And then
that book I mentioned, Martin Cannon Controllers,
he says abductions are just like alien abductions
are just a smokeokc screen for MK Ultra. Like
um uh the f most famous abduction was Betty and
Barney Hill 1961. They actually say, you know,
in their hypnotic regression, the beings look like
Nazis or whatever. So then you get these operation
paperclipip scientists brought over. There's a
very cool X-Files episode. I don't remember the
whole story, but the UFO crashes or something and
the the woman is being like manipulated and she's
probably going to get anal probe and everything by
the aliens. Then all of a sudden it's it's human
beings. And then the boss guy says, "Okay, rinse
her out." Right. So, yeah. And you know what? I
think certain abductions have been that. And
then this is where it's so weird. It's kind
of the perfect smoke screen for Intel because I
also think they're a real alien abduction. So,
the Betty and Barney Hill thing I think was
a genuine abduction. But also, you know,
the the other weird fact around that is Charles
Douglas Jackson who worked at he was like head of,
you know, a part of the psychological strategy
board and ran psychological warfare for the United
States in the '50s and I believe was at Time
magazine was responsible for the Zaprder film. So
the missing frames in the JFK assassination video
like this guy was clearly sort of like the missing
frames in the jail cell for Epstein. Exactly.
The whole minute missing and the raw data. Crazy.
So CD Jackson is in is meeting with the Betty and
Barney Hill a few weeks after they get abducted
back to uh Epstein. Yeah. So what if there's let's
say it was accidentally missing? Mhm. Which is how
slack is that operation? But okay, everything's
fine. Then a minute later he's dead. You you can't
even die of asphixxiation in one minute. It takes
longer. No, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. that
that case smells so bad. It's so obvious and
you know, I don't know. I It's funny to me to
see a lot of like the podcast circuit is like all
like up in arms now and I'm like it's we've known
this for five years. It's like so like just look
at the facts like it's so obvious. Um you know,
not that they shouldn't be up in arms, but they
should have been up in arms many years ago, right?
But um the human energy field, let's we've been
covering so much dark stuff. And I think the the
positive element of this is that we all have these
kind of bioelectric electromagnetic fields. And I
think later MK Ultra stuff unfortunately deals
with like chip implantations and stuff that is
kind of freaky and weird. putting implants in
dolphins brains and guiding them to drop bombs
is what? Who did that? CIA military documented.
No way. Being able to remote control a dolphin
to drop a bomb. Uh what's that? Uh the day of
the dolphin. Yeah. You know that movie? Yeah.
It's about John Lily. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
John Lily is the actual real life character.
So the mysterious organiz government organization
comes over and starts jacking around with he's
working with dolphins and giving them LSD which
John Lily actually did. And then what they do is
they get a dolphin they attach the bomb to the
dolphin. The dolphin supposed to go under the
can't remember if it's the vice president or the
president's fishing boat and go tick and release
the thing and it blows up and then that gets all
shut down. But the documents described using brain
electrode implant off he goes control the route
being drop the bomb off that's described in the
document. Jesus Christ there's so we'll veer
into that before we get to the energy fields.
So in MCAL and related documents there's
implanting electrodes in uh animal brains
to control their behavior. Uh there's a guy
Jose Delgado who's a neurosurgeon at Yale.
He's got a published a book called towards a
psycho civilized society and he says what we
need to do is implant electrodes in the brains
of the entire population not counting the lead
generals and the top politicians and that's how
we're going to make society psychosivilized. What
the stated in the book clearly so it's the mark
of the beast. Yeah. And so uh there's photographs
in medical journals. One is a 16-year-old girl
who's had electrode in her brain. And Delgado,
the technical advance he made was you don't
have to have the wire connected. You can use
a remote transmitter to activate the electrode. So
depending on which electrode is being activated,
she's normal. She's strumming on her
guitar. She's pounding furiously at the on
the wall or she's just like out of it. This is
photographs of this girl. And then in monkeys,
uh, and one of the stupid cover stories is, oh
yeah, we were trying this on cats. We had the
cat with an electrode. We're sending it off into
the world, but it ran off in front of a car and
got killed. So we never do that again. Um, so, uh,
this is how it leaks into Hollywood as fiction,
but it's actually fact. uh the uh and it's
treatment of epilepsy is why we're putting
electrodes in people's brains. All 100%
documented. Then there's a guy in Tulain
University, Robert Heath, psychiatrist, who's
funded by uh CIA and multiple branches of the
military. He's doing brain electrode implants
and has the remote transmitter. He's curing the
well-known mental disease of homosexuality because
according to the American Psychiatric Associ
pornography over and over and over and over to
condition them while you're stim stimulating the
electrode to put him in a state of pre-orggasmic
arousal. So you're pairing arousal with
heterosexuality. And towards the end, this is all
published in mainstream medical journal that I've
actually published in myself. Um they towards
the end they brought in a female prostitute,
had her have sex with the guy while they're
monitoring his brain waves and then they
debrief him and the prostitute and she says
yeah he functioned well normal. No way. And
then the end of the paper is so he was cured of
homosexuality with only one relapse in the first
6 months. Jesus in the only one but that's
what that's in the mainstream literature.
Well, just like the Tuskegee syphilis study
is published in mainstream journal. That is
this is this is crazy. That's crazy. So,
that's the crazy stuff that goes on in the
psychiatry literature and in the official manual
of psychiatry, let alone the hidden stuff. Jesus,
man. So we're just more I mean John Lily who we
were talking about the inspiration for the day
of the dolphin he would do he kind of invented the
isolation tank and he would take you know a lot of
um ketamine and would you know get into these
dissociative states and he even like I think
at one point summoned this thing he called the
SSI the solid state entity and would communicate
oh yeah communicate with this sort of alien
intelligence and um he wrote a book called I think
was it human uh programming and metarogramming. I
haven't read it. I think so. So, you you just on
on the note of what you're saying, it just feels
like humans are far more like programmable than
we we don't think of ourselves as suggestible. We
think of ourselves as sort of fixed, but in fact,
we're way more impressionable than we'd ever
believe. Well, just take a look at Hollywood.
In the 50s, we were hunting communists, some of
whom were communists and a bunch weren't. And
like everybody was on board with we got to clean
up, clean up America here. So that was pretty
unanimous. And now it's flipped to the opposite
extreme where if you're not way over on the left,
try finding work in Hollywood. Yeah, it's really
hard. And so then that's just the programmability
of people in general. place swing over here, they
swing over there. Humans are extremely mimedic and
uh you know, you just sort of ideas are fashion
statements and you see it especially on social
media is like really amplifies this cuz it's a
hall of mirrors massively. So if you're not like
saying the thing that's like really popular
right now, then you're sort of you're you're
falling behind and you're not staying relevant or
something. There's a guy in British Columbia, uh,
so me being originally Canadian, uh, he just got
fined. It was something like $750,000 for making,
uh, just stating an opinion. Yeah. That
there's only two genders and two sexes.
That's insane. You got to find threequarters of
a million dollars. That is so crazy. That is so
crazy. So that's what's the difference between
that and the McCarthy era. Do you think do you
think people like Jolly West tried to affect
culture via celebrity? Like I actually I met
a woman who was Charlton H's daughter-in-law. It's
really sweet lady and um if you're out there hello
uh and she you know uh uh Charlton H obviously
you know this legendary actor but Charlton H was
this NRA champion. Yeah. So he was this, you
know, National Rifle Association, you know,
uh when shootings would happen, he would sort
of be in the counter rally saying we, you know,
protect the Second Amendment, the right to bear
arms. Guns don't kill people, people kill people.
That's right. And that, you know, and if anything,
it mitigates violence and all this stuff. And then
I found out there's some data to support that. the
in in a reverse sense there's fewer deaths at home
from guns in how homes that don't have guns which
well hello it's pretty obvious that's a good stat
and for me this is not I moved from California to
Texas so I'm not this is not a pmic on you know
I'm not anti anti-gun necessarily but I do find it
interesting that a guy in Jolly West who's clearly
programmed a lot of violence at high levels in the
US is best friends with the guy who's the head of
the NRA and this gun champion. Like that seems
interesting to me. Is there something there? You
keep asking me questions as if I might know the
answer. I don't know. You know, we're speculating.
We're we're in kind of really murky territory,
but Well, obviously that it's a huge industry,
right? Yeah. So, there's the financial part of it.
There is the gung-ho cowboy part. Mhm. In Canada,
I lived up in the Canadian Arctic. I probably
killed two or 300 tarmaggan, which is a type
of gross that turns white in the winter. I owned
a rifle. I never did shoot a moose, but I owned
a rifle. So, you know, I was out in the woods
walking around hunting, killing, eating. Uh, in
southern Canada, I shot lots of rabbits and cooked
them and eat them. So, I'm not, you know, we can't
kill the animals type person, but the amount of
gun violence in the United States when you look at
the graphs like per 100, the United States is up
here. Next country is like down here. Well, that
so this is so out of control. It's out of control.
And this is what I'm getting at. And this is a
really weird deep conspiratorial thread of which
we've, you know, developed a few here. But but it
seems like the things Jolly West are involved with
and this cuts to Tom O'Neal's uh thesis with chaos
is the construction of somebody like a Manson
because he looked and talked and walked like
a hippie when counterculture was at its greatest
threat to again people like Jad Garoover who were
running the FBI at the time, the State Department.
These guys were a little bit straight. What's
that? They were a little bit straight. What do you
mean, Juber? I mean, they weren't hippies. They
were straight guys. Oh, that exact. Well, speaking
of the, you know, kind of uh proverbial, you know,
he wasn't exactly totally straight. Well, he was
a cross he was into crossdressing and they had all
this compliment on him. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
it's always it's always this sort of narcissism of
small differences weird thing going on. So, but
the point like he had it out for counterculture,
right? And so this is what Tom O'Neal concludes
in his book is they're going to construct somebody
that looks like a hippie in Charles Manson who
literally had he was like this wannabe artist.
He has a song called Look at Your Game girl. He's
living with the Beach Boys. And then um you have
you know uh uh this you know famous quote by Joan
Ddian right after the murders saying you know
August I think it was 8th 1968 was the you know
the day that the or maybe 1969 I don't remember
was the day that the 60s ended the day that he
you know committed the murders the next day the
60s ended counterculture hippie culture all that
stuff's over so the threat is over if you're you
know part of the establishment structure and so
you have to Wonder, you know, again with this
connection with Charlton H and gun violence, was
Jolly West specifically stoking symbolic violence,
violence where you were creating local violence in
order to move society in a specific teology. Like
if you look at certain violent things that happen
now, they get amplified so much across social
media, right? Whether it's Kyle Writtenhouse on
the right or George Floyd on the left, I'm not
making a comment on either of those things. It's
not something I want to weigh into like both both,
you know, kind of there's a very curious thing
with George Floyd. Yeah. Obviously not a good guy.
Obviously didn't deserve to die. It didn't deserve
to die. Maybe was killed by the police officer,
but he was cranked up on Coke and had heart
condition. Sure. But we should say it was a
it was a horrific video and and it would get
any reasonable person whipped up. Yeah. So,
but why select him as the poster child? He's for a
documented fact held a pistol to a black pregnant
woman's abdomen while robbing our house. We want
that guy to be our hero. There are all sorts of
So, yeah. So, is that chosen on purpose to set up
the counter argument that he's a no good bad guy
or they just overlook it or how does that operate?
Well, this is the thing. I think in either
of those cases or you could you come up with a
million different examples of like public violence
um you know, violence that gets amplified across
social media. again, not making a comment on,
you know, you could go get in all sorts of like
deep arguments as to, you know, who's the guy
who's like, you know, I can't breathe and he was
being choked out, you know, in Brooklyn. Clearly,
it's way past time to there's all sorts of police
malfeasants in these cases. But I think if you're
intel and you're viewing uh the effect of symbolic
violence, there's something there's something very
powerful about that. And it's very powerful if
you want to sway things on particular issues.
And so I think the public should just be aware
and not susceptible to uh the the sort of you
know artificial construction of some of these
violent cases. Good luck on that one. I know.
Yeah. So here's a little slightly related. We're
saying all these things and then it's like we're
we're trending in the complete wrong direction
as a society as far as our ability to make sense
of any of these things. Like you go on Twitter
or Tik Tok or Instagram and people's brains are
being melted by this stuff. Debate now means
shouting your feelings really loudly. That's
right. So it Yeah. It almost makes me feel like
because I So do you ever feel in danger talking
about this stuff? Like I did a little bit
way back but then nothing happened. So okay,
why am I sweating a couple decades later? Yeah.
So it's been a story of my podcasting career.
I'm like really I can say that. Okay cool. So far
don't come on. Have you ever encountered MK Ultra
being used in the context of spooky science? So
I think of if you had a modern Manhattan project.
Spooky science means means classified science or
science that you know maybe would lead to it's
low barrier to entry and very destructive or um
but we're talking actual engineering not confer
a tactical advantage you know in aerospace or
weaponry or anything like that because I think
of we talked about the Manhattan project for a
second if you had any sort of modern equivalence
of the Manhattan project and you were working on
something really sensitive. Mhm. You might implant
one of the scientists with a chip or tell them
to drink a drink or something and then you'd have
like a shutdown switch if they ever, you know,
got lost in foreign territory. I mean, this is
really dark stuff, but have you ever encountered
anything like that or Uhuh. Okay. Um, let's get
into lighter territory because this is a I'm
officially really spooked. This is a great book.
This is the the So, so far we've done mostly this
book and a little bit this book. Now we're going
to do that book. Now we're going to do this book,
The Human Energy Field, right? What inspired you
to write this? And what's the basic thesis? Uh, so
I'm a hardcore scientist, right? Yeah. Mainstream.
No flaky stuff at all. No, you're right down
the middle. Here comes the the mainstream,
not flaky story. Yeah. So, I'm in uh England in '
67 and I just remember not particularly thinking
about the topic. Uh Nodding Hill Gate is right
at the corner of a big park and I'm just walking
into the park and all of a sudden I see a cone
of light that comes out of my eyes. It's about
25 30 feet away. Diameter is about like this. And
as I moved my gaze, it moves up onto the back of
a person. Then it dissolves. So what the hell?
Hadn't taken any LSD that day. So I just stored
that experience instead of oh that's stupid. And
then that made me think about the sense of being
stared at which is very common experience. And
then uh it's called you know there's a word for it
scopesthesia. I watched you talking to the Rupert
Sheldendrick. Rupert Sheldrick. That's right. And
I've read his book, so I'm aware of him. Yeah. So,
uh, because you got to make it sound scientific,
right? What? Scopesthesia. Scopesthesia. Yeah.
We're not fooling around here. You got to make
it sound official, right? Yeah. So, which is good
strategy. I agree with it. So, then uh UAP. So,
the sense of being stared at uh and then I started
to actually for some reason was more in Italy when
I was traveling in Italy. I remember one time
in particular, I could actually feel the spot
on the side of my face that was being stared at
when I turn around and look at the person that's
staring right at me. Wow. And then I had another
experience of which is common. I'm looking through
the window. So this energy goes through glass at
a nicel looking Italian woman walking down the
street. She turns and looks right at me. There's
a look of mutual recognition and then it's like,
"Huh?" So that's a very common experience that
a lot of people have had, right? So then I go,
I'm not going to just blow that off and say
it's which mainstream quote science people
say it's misperception. It's an illusion.
It's not real because there's two theories.
There's intrammission, which is light comes
into your eyes, goes to your retina back to
your brain. That's clearly real. And then extra
mission is something comes out of your eyes.
Extrammission it not allowed. No way. Not
happening. Going all the way back to John
Lock. It's just forbidden. It's not possible.
And that dominates academia today. So I go,
"Yeah, maybe not. Something's got to be coming
out here for you to sense somebody staring at
you." So that's kind of what got me off on this.
And then it was a spiritual, anthropological,
philosophical reading, walking around in the woods
in England, in the bush in Canada, sensing energy
fields. One time 1977 or 71, we've got a cabin in
the woods in eastern Manitoba. So I was out there
with my shotgun hunting rabbit and all of a sudden
I go I could actually feel the stare of the rabbit
and feel it was rabbit like energy. Turned around,
shot it, ate it that evening. So that makes me
think, hm, there's survival advantage to being
able to sense stare. And then that made me think,
well, if you're a gazelle out in Africa somewhere
and you can sense the predator staring at you and
you feel uneasy and you take off, that's going
to be selected for over evolution. It's a good
survival skill. And so I'm thinking along those
lines and then I go, well, okay, that's nice,
but how are we going to study this scientifically?
So Rupert Sheldrick talks about morphic fields,
right? But what are morphic fields? It's
like how do you measure them? It doesn't
lead to a natural experiment. So then I just
went uh we know for a fact that every atom,
every everything in the universe emits an
electromagnetic field and then inside there's
the strong nuclear force and the weak nuclear
force and then gravity's in there somehow but
who knows how. So it's it's just basic physics,
right? So then I go, okay, I'm how am I going to
be able to marry eastern and western medicine?
I'm going to say that energy, the spirit,
the whatever, the whatever and the electromagnetic
field of the body are the same thing, just looked
at through different lenses. If you look through
this lens, it's all spiritual, mystical, you can't
study it. It's outside science. But if you look
at it through ah it's electromagnetic energy.
We can measure that. So you put 20 electrodes
on your brain, you measure your EEG. You put
12 electrodes here, you measure your EKG. So we're
already measuring the electromagnetic field of the
body for diagnostic and treatment purposes. It's
mainstream science. Nothing wacky about it at all.
So the human body only has two parts, the brain
and the heart. There's only brain disease and
heart disease. That's it. Well, so the whole human
body is emitting information of probable high
level medical relevance all the time. Why aren't
we measuring that? So then um I published a paper
in a uh pretty obscure electrical engineering
journal where um a guy got these guys to sort
of weld together a normal electrode that you put
in mice's brains to measure stuff and suspended it
in front of my eye so it's not touching my body
at all. I've got ski goggles where I took out
this side so I could actually see out. This side
is covered with tin foil and copper mesh that I
got at Target. So, it's high level science. U but
that's very good electromagnetic insulation. Then
there's another electrode hanging out in front
just in space. And then there's the 20 normal EG
leads and these two frontal leads here. You can
see the squiggly lines like normal EG. So here's
the two frontal leads. Here's the lead in front of
my eye. no physical contact with my body. Here's a
control lead that's just showing background little
it's a completely physiological real signal that's
been picked up in front of your eye. It looks
very similar to the electrode readings here.
So I mean the whole world hasn't said good job we
know that extra mission is real now cuz you still
have to say does it have any uh physiological or
ecological function and how far does it propagate
out into space? Turns out that uh there's an
inverse square law shows that signals drop off
really fast, but extra low frequency light brain
wave level propagates because if you figure the
the wave like is so huge, it's not going to drop
off and it doesn't drop off and published in
mainstream journals for thousands of kilometers.
The signal intensity doesn't drop off. So it's
perfectly realistically possible that from here
to the gazelle, it's still a strong signal. So
then I go into the anthropology of it. Well, what
about uh the sense of being stared at? But there
in Italy, these people are called jettiatory. So
they jet the evil eye out of their eye. There's
evil eye beliefs all around the world, right? And
you can cause evil eye sickness by staring at a
person if you're a jediator who's got bad energy.
So like, okay, so there's all kinds of cultural
precedence for this. What if it like 80% of that
superstition? I don't care. My thesis is there's a
core real electrophysiological signal there that
can be investigated. That's fascinating. So you
have the and what's really crazy is you said ELF
extremely low frequency Andre Puharic who isn't in
some of the documentation that you went through
for CIA doctors but you're aware of him. He was
fascinated by ELF waves and thought that that was
kind of the signal for consciousness right and
that was I think the more kind of shut down part
of part of his work. So what are you saying is
uh evidence for extrammission this idea that
the what are you saying that that the eyes emit
photons or electrons or what specifically or or
ELF waves? So your brain emits brain waves which
we measure by putting electrodes on your skull and
we have to do uh a little contact pace there just
to get a good contact otherwise there's too much
noise. So these which I mentioned before before
we started recording these electrical engineers
mainstream grant-f funded mainstream publications
they could take a normal clinical EKG from a
meter away with no contact with the body. Sure.
So these signals for sure are propagating out into
space. If they go a meter because it's ELF the ELF
component is going way the heck out there. We know
for a fact, proven, no doubt. And me with my one
little paper of proven it's coming out of your
eye. So there's all these brain waves going on.
They got to get through your skull to get to the
electrode. Oh, they don't have to go through your
skull to come out your eye. The optic nerve is
this giant electrical cable literally right there.
and just the geometry of the skull and focus
concentration probably the signal is going to be
stronger coming out of your eye. Oh, it's so wild.
And it but it's completely scientifically testable
and scientifically plausible. It's not mysticism.
Yeah. So that's what I'm trying to do is take all
this stuff and transform it into very specified
ways this could be tested. Um which by the way I
would like some financial help with that from
somebody some kind person somewhere. Yeah. Um,
and so this is electro technology. It looks
like from a little bit I've looked into it,
probably an antenna technology is better. There's
very high sensitive uh antenna that exist and you
can buy them online. So whether it's electrode
or antenna, start uh measuring these signals. So,
for the eye part of it, which I'm just it's
kind of my personal hobby horse because I've
already been ridiculed in public for talking about
extra mission, which I called the human eyebeam,
but then I realized actually my daughter told
me you can't call it the human eyebeam if
you're going to publish it. So, it's human ocular
extrammission. That sounds way more professional.
Is does it decay at all? So, I think of a normal
electromagnetic wave as decaying at 1 / r 2. So
one over distance your life doesn't decay like
that. What does it decay like? I don't know for
sure but minimally for literally hundreds of
kilometers. So if I'm just thinking about a
thing is the idea that I somehow know how to like
when I'm when I'm imprinted when I'm literally
just thinking of something. I'm conjuring it up
in my mind. Am I affecting it somehow in this
model via these ELF waves that well geollocate it
and literally reach it like a physical wave comes
out of my brain or eyes? The whole body actually
whole body and reaches this object transmitter is
the solar plexus in my opinion. Okay. But but is a
wave emitting from my body and reaching something
that is geoloccated and tempor temporally located
in our time space because I think of consciousness
like if you have a mental image of something.
I don't necessarily translate that as like you
are beaming a thing at it or do you think you are
with these ELF waves? Well, we're back to yes, no,
maybe. So that's why like the starting point. So
my effort is to boil it down to actually testable
stuff. Yeah. And you got to start here before
you go way out here, right? So what would be
the next test you would run? Uh develop a high
high sensitivity electrode. I would just assume
that you can't repeatedly affect an object or
a person who's across some sort of, you know,
totally electromagnetic shielding Faraday chamber.
And if you if I and I know these experiments have
been done, how put off did experiments like
this with Ingo Swan. It's part of Stargate, the
official CIA psychic spy program. Sheldendrick's
looked into that too, right? He's looked into
this, but I my understanding is it's like it's
replicable and it's real. It's a real effect,
but that you can't do it every single time and
you can't detect like an exact ELF wave every
time. I mean, maybe they just haven't studied
the ELF component and it is literally a wave, but
somehow my instinct is that it's more complicated
than some frequency we're missing. Like my guess
is over the last 50 plus years of study in
parasychology with the benefit of information
technology and chips and receivers and radio tech
that someone must have done this experiment at
some point and picked up it's classified. Do you
think so? Yeah. There's again it's back to the
military intelligence community and whoever
all the big companies would be negligent if
they weren't trying to investigate this, tap into
it, figure out what to do with it? I agree. But
do you think you can repeatably pick up? So you
think ELF waves explain all psychic phenomena?
No. Okay. Nothing explains all of everything. So
I'm just saying what can we actually measure now
with our current technology? Sure. and publish in
a mainstream journal and everybody's going to go
said something stared at has just been proven.
What do what do we know about the skin? What
happens if you stay out in the sun too long?
Get burned. Ultraviolet radiation. What causes
the burn? UV. What type of radiation is that?
Electromagnetic. It's electromagnetic. It's um
How do we synthesize vitamin D? Photons hit our
skin. They're captured. They drive biological
processes. How do we see? So your body is already
capturing photons and using them to drive very
well organized life essententral processes all
the time. So there's nothing that's just again
right in the middle of common sense and science.
So there's these sub threshold uh rays that I
happen to glimpse a few times that they're just
sub threshold. Doesn't mean they're not real.
You know what I think you should invent?
What? So, people have been experimenting
with electromagnetic healing modalities for
a long time. You have Royal Reich. We'll get
we'll get there. Yeah. I'm just building the core
of the territory and then it I'll I'll defend you
and say that this is a fact. The voltage gated ion
channels is how cells communicate. Differentials
of the potential between, you know, within
the cell membrane and without the, you know,
outside of the cell membrane. when it comes to
you know things like sodium potassium is how cells
communicate local electromagnetic fields affect
those differentials affect the communication
there's studies going back to the 70s there's
a guy Gary Becker wrote a great book called the
body electric where great book yeah great book
you can essentially charge electromagnetically
the severed you know um arm of a tadpole cut off
its arm charge it electromagnetically salamander
He did too. Salamanders. Salamanders. You can cut
off their arm and they regrow it themselves. You
regrow it themselves. But you can regrow, you
can create a two-headed salamander, two-headed
tadpole also with basically just taking the, you
know, uh, the gradient, the ion gradients of the,
uh, head cells and then applying it to
that stub of an arm that you cut off. So,
you end up with these, I mean, there's literally
a guy at TUS right now named Michael Leven who's
doing limb regeneration based on this stuff. It's
really wild. It's all coming. It's all coming.
Absolutely. So, for people who are saying this
is quack science, no, it's absolutely real. So,
here's what I think you should do. Okay. Um, so
Royal Refe. Yeah. Who was actually involved? Oh,
I'm aware of him. Yeah. Yeah. You're aware of him.
So, he was involved in some not so savory research
per what we were talking about in Plum Island and
you know where where probably the modern version
of Lyme disease came from. Speaking of Yeah, I've
read about that. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty interesting.
Um but he had this thing called a rife machine
which if you ask a Lyme disease patient to this
day ironically uh this is the thing that works
for them that it came from this guy Royal Refe
uh and it works on the electromagnetic field from
the of the body and it essentially is like a it's
a horseshoe it's a copper horseshoe looks like
basically a Tesla coil right and it seems to
tune the body in this really healing way there's
another company called amp coil which makes things
around in this area. I've used an amp coil before.
It's called a Tesla coil. It's It's a Tesla coil.
There's some guy around here who makes Tesla
stuff. Elon Musk. We should get him involved
possibly. Although tricky to get his attention.
Yeah. I don't know. But um so I think if you
There's a whole pmic on Elon working on Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. But I'm aware. Yeah.
Yeah. You're aware. So um if you think of the body
as you can turn molecular mass into frequency and
every organ or every part of the body should be
operating at some optimum frequency. Right? Again
not quacky to say there's a field called simatics.
When the frequency goes to zero we know it's game
over. We know it's game over. And there's a
field called simatics where you can put sand
on a vibrational plate and create structures
deliberately with frequency and acoustics.
And so we know that this is not pseudocience,
right? So what if you created some sort of
just like we, you know, you can bank uh stem
cells or blood cord uh as if you're, you know,
a baby or whatever and then you do an autogus
stem cell transfer later in life if you have
some sort of malady and it can really help
you. Can I tell you a secret about doctors?
What? They use long words you don't understand
to sound smarter. I know. Sorry for using the
word autotogus. It's just your own stem cells is
what I'm saying where you don't have an immune
reaction due to transferring it. My point is what
if you could figure out there was like an optimum
frequency at which your organs or body was op
could operate at you could then create sort of
a bank electromagnetically of you know what
what is optimum health for your organs. You
could also do that across a large cohort and then
you could create essentially a tuning fork for the
human body. And if you think about acoustics
and physics and electromagnetics, they exist
upstream of biochemistry. Biochemistry is, you
know, one layer up on the stack. Do you want to
know the caveman version of that technology? Tell
me. Yeah. What do you put in a person's chest when
they've got atrial fibrillation? A pacemaker. A
pacemaker. Exactly. We're already doing it. Can't
walk through an X-ray cuz it'll primitive level.
We are. No, we are. Exactly. We are. We know that
the body is Yeah. And what is a defibrillator at
all? It is it's a way to electrically jump start
the body. So what couldn't we do something like
this? And then you have you you would end up with
this post medicine be you know you have medicine
which was the really the creation of the Flexner
report and the sort of modern American medical
association which now we're offered to conspiracy
theories again but it's not even a conspiracy.
It's literally it's prochemical based and all
you know this was Rockefeller was funding this
stuff and I'm not saying you know necessarily
it was all I'm very critical of big pharma. It's
it's horrible. It's a it's a bad system. So this
is all it's all this prochemicalbased pills and
then if you created this sort of generator that
could like take that out like this literally this
thing that could tune your body how amazing would
that be? So you should create it. Thank you. Yeah.
You should get me some money. I'm giving you the
idea and getting you the money. Yeah. Well,
what else you got to do today? I think Okay,
fine. I'll own 90% of the company then. I
might have to negotiate on that. Okay. All
right. We'll figure it out. Uh so, well, this is
all where my thinking is heading. And it's all
there's a TV show and a couple of movies called
Star Trek. There's Dr. Bones. Mhm. triorder.
I'm talking about developing a triorder
because you use this antenna. Okay,
so interested about the I-beam but interested in
the whole body and then you can have an array of
these either electrodes or antenna whatever kind
of sensors it is and you lie the person down and
you can have just handheld single version and you
can scan around. You can have a like a mammogram
X-ray type thing or you can have like an MRI
machine would lie in there. You have a ray of
these electrodes and you measure and all the
frequencies are coming out of the whole body
in all the different locations and can you
spot disease at the electromagnetic level
before it trickles down to the biological level?
Probably. probably or you just do the scan. So,
it's not like an MRI. You're not putting any
radiation into the person or CT scan or anything.
You're just measuring what comes out. So, it's no
more noxious than taking a photograph of somebody.
There's no side effects at all. And then, okay,
just what you've been saying, okay, here's the
abnormality that we've measured and we've got,
you know, all the norms and all the charts and
all the different diseases all mapped out. what
energy are we going to put back in to normalize
this? Exactly. So, it's a whole electromagnetic
medicine. And then uh I remember talking to a guy
uh at a sort of a dinner get together was talking
about sort of this kind of stuff and and I was
getting on saying to him, "Yeah, well satellites
now, they can read X-rays from the sky." And the
guy's a military guy. and he sort of scoffs
at me and surprised me with his reactions.
License plate. They can count the hair on a fly's
butt. So, I mean, the resolution is incredible,
right? So, if I've got a little lines here, it's
called a fingerprint. I've got an iris here.
I've got DNA in here. These are all identifying
features of me, right? So maybe everybody has an
electromagnetic specific signature to themselves
which maybe you could track from way up there. So
then really there's funny side story about that
too. uh a book about Osama bin Laden uh was uh
obviously anti-FBI pro-CIA kind of perspective
and they're making fun of um this you know guys
in the FBI CIA they're stumbling and bumbling
around they can't find him anywhere and oh we
just missed our opportunity he was at uh Saudi
Arabia I think it was one of those gettogethers
where they'll have their falcons and they're
hunting and stuff and he was there and they
knew who was there and they were monitoring from
a drone or satellite or whatever and then they
he just slipped out. We didn't notice him leaving
and that's why we didn't get him that year. It's
the most ridiculous preposterous story ever. What
do you mean? You're surveying like all the time.
What do you mean the tape changed? You the minute
it was missing from when Bin Laden left. So we we
were obviously able to track any individual
we want just optically. So now it could track
electromagnetically. So we have that technology.
How come we have all these missing children? We
have no idea where they are. So there's some big
block to getting that operational so we could find
all these people and arrest all these guys. So it
all now we're back into the conspiracy side of it.
But so what what exactly? You're saying if this
technology around MK Ultra is in the black along
with the electromagnetic signatures that are
unique to people, we should be able to like
track everybody on the planet like or some group
should with sort of potentially but we're already
tracking with digital currency, satellite
imagery. Yeah. Telephones, emails. I mean,
every single phone call, email is tracked and
stored, right? So, it's just another additional
part of the horrible surveillance complex. Yeah,
it's fantast. Well, I'm back to the light side
here cuz uh my father's not that evil guy. Uh so,
we're just taking mainstream medicine into the
21st century. We are, man. while dragging our feet
on it a bit. And so then another thing would be
security. So you have iris recognition. You have
you you're the only person with your key. There's
levels of it. Why don't we have a electromagnetic
scanner that identifies the person? Why don't
we have a system where you can detect somebody
approaching the building or entering the building
electromagnetically? Let's not let's not do any
of that. Let's do the healing thing first. Just
saying this is part of the sales pitch, right?
Yeah. There's so many applications then uh in
agriculture. Yeah. Uh we have hydroponic gardening
already, right? Yeah, sure. It's not that widely
used. Uh we know there's some like really stupid,
ridiculous people called medicine men. Yeah. And
they like to jump around and chant and wave
feathers in the air to help the crops grow.
Superstition. There's uh if you go back 1500
years in England, there's the maple dances,
which are fertility dances in the spring. So,
it's all cultures all over the place, right? Well,
ridiculous nonsense, but they're they're having
fun at the party. But what if the medicine man
is emitting a specific focused electromagnetic
signal which I say probably coming from the solar
plexus that actually enhances German germination.
So now we go to the hydroponic garden. We measure
what it is that's coming out of the medicine man's
body. We imitate that frequency with an emitter.
We expose the hydroponent garden to it. We have
the control garden. What's the germination rate?
It's totally researchable. Well, like Tesla said,
it's all frequency. Yeah. And Dr. Colin Ross,
I really appreciate this. I'm glad we ended on
this positive note of fertilizing the world,
healing people. Uh because we just covered
a lot of dark [__] to be honest. True. And
um but it's dark stuff that really needs to be
exposed and uh you really helped uh put it to
the light. And so I don't really know what you
do with this. I think it's just be aware of all
the weird malfeasants when it comes to intel
on this stuff historically and you know maybe
we can get some good investigative journalism
as to what's happening today. And uh really
appreciate you coming by man. It was a lot of
fun. Sure. Thanks for the invite. Absolutely.